this is the first video that I ever
uploaded to YouTube September 2011 I was
very into guitar and I was demoing a amp
and a pedal I posted this video to one
resale forum and suddenly I started
seeing the numbers going up and up it
eventually took thousand and then passed
a thousand and it was the first time
that I ever thought to myself there's
something to this internet video thing
then I started doing a lot of guitar
lessons babysitting so I could buy
camera gear I got the camera gear i
unboxed the camera gear I put that video
of the unboxing on YouTube camera
reviews lots of tutorials and then I
started traveling a lot I made travel
films you would probably call them now
travel vlogs
I worked went to school traveled a lot
made a lot of videos posted them to
YouTube I was gaining a little traction
almost hitting a thousand subscribers
and I thought I need to step it up I
started a documentary series called
creative spaces TV I was making these
short documentary films about creatives
that inspired me I started a interview
series with entrepreneurs and then I've
logged I've logged a lot so I've made a
ton of videos I feel like I have come a
very long way and you guys have joined
the journey but just like me you guys
create so I think it's time to turn the
tables around instead of you just
watching one of my videos I asked you on
Twitter for your video so welcome to the
first episode of video critiques where
I'm gonna shout out dope content and
hopefully provide feedback that will
help everyone this episode is sponsored
by Trello dot-com a productivity tool
that I use to organize my video ideas
but we will get to that a little bit
later on let's get into your videos
let's start with Rohan he is a peachy
fam I met him at Adobe MAX
last year heartbeats
[Music]
music has always been a big part of my
life as a child I learned guitar and
played drums in my school band but I was
always more of a player and not much of
a listener that probably had something
to do with the fact that I was too cheap
to buy music on iTunes and music
discovery platforms like Spotify weren't
really around sure I had some CDs but
really my selection of music was pretty
limited as a result I never really went
to concerts in fact to this day I've
only ever really been to one concert but
in the last few years I've begun to
discover what I was missing out on I've
developed a passion for listening to new
music and desire to see more live shows
we're going to Lollapalooza
[Music]
this is color graded so nicely nice
glasses okay I'm just gonna pause right
here it is insane that this is shot on a
phone Rohan your color grading is
amazing this takes me back some of my
favorite videos that I ever made on
YouTube we're at music festivals I've
made several videos on Austin City
Limits and it was one of the best times
my life but I always had so much fun
because there's so much motion that you
can do slow-mo to and really translate
the energy of that experience and Rohan
subscribe Shh I had to give you a
shout-out in my booster berths unboxing
video try to ignore Becerra deechi be a
part of the PG fan I am you should be
too
so shout out to you Sara a new dog it
does go George
and Ren really way you get the board oh
my gosh stranger things
title sequence recreated with Eggo
waffles I'm a big fan of stranger things
so I'm my body is ready for this
[Music]
oh gosh
oh my gosh the waffles Jace is there
behind the scenes
this is just like stop-motion
[Music]
oh my gosh chase if you have a Twitter
this 50 second video better be on your
Twitter so I can retweet it this is a
fantastic example of a short video some
good micro content that is super
shareable and yeah that was epic
leverage furniture a few more videos
they are actually fantastic but before
we continue I interrupt this programming
for a few seconds to let you know a
little bit more about Trello dot-com
Trello is a Productivity and creative
app I first learned and actually use
this tool when I was in the Adobe
Creative residency last year the main
use of how I use it now is to just
organize the mess that is my brain up
here when it comes to thinking of video
ideas how I'm going to execute it cetera
but it's not just that you can do
anything from managing recipes to
grocery lists to production schedules
the sky is the limit if you're just a
straight-up list maker like myself you
have to use everywhere is a great way to
get that to-do list organized drill has
a mobile app and also and offline mode
where you can access your boards and
cards on the go the coolest part about
this is the core features of Trello are
free so you can try it out today
Trello comm link is in the description
below tinder in real life lower your
expectations and let's begin
oh you're a ball do you like to have fun
so much finally what kind of fun may I
ask Netflix
hey Maria two quick questions do you
like The Lion King and how do you feel
about role playing in bed
well no I'm open to most three 1997
Disney animated films if the blanking
isn't your thing we went on a date there
are seven planets I'm going to destroy
your ass now no you did it wrong it goes
there will only be seven planets after I
destroy Uranus Hey on a scale of 1 to
America how free are you tonight North
Korea this is actually is real like
those are real tender conversations I've
actually never downloaded a dating app
so I have no perspective of what that
world is but I know it's a very
legitimate way of finding dates but oh
my goodness I think this is a fantastic
idea for a series and I think it's a
very smart idea when you're starting out
on YouTube when you have different
series of videos to not start multiple
different channels as multiple different
social media accounts for the specific
series but to put them underneath your
name and your channel that way it adds
structure to your YouTube channel in
every series you make in every video you
make if it gets attention that attention
is attached to your name and you can
keep creating videos in your series or
you can do really whatever you want
because these videos these series you're
doing on your channel adds credibility
to you as as a human
I've got 232 replies to this tweet this
is just the tip of the iceberg I'm gonna
have to make many more of these videos
and see what I'm doing right now is
scrolling through all of these videos
you created and judging just based off
of a thumbnail and bshorts title
thumbnail title thumbnail title it's
everything on YouTube however I will say
this when you're beginning when you
don't have much of an audience it is
your chance to create amazing videos it
is opportunity you have to really like
heads down focus on the stuff that you
want to make that you know you can make
great so when the time comes for that
shout out from someone that one video
that goes viral people can go to your
channel go to your social media go
through your catalogs a video and be
like oh this person is really really
good I'm gonna hit the subscribe button
I made this before I moved out for my
first semester of college a letter to my
future self I like that
Dear Abby by now your life has changed
tremendously Babli just a year ago you
were living at home with your family I'm
sure of your future and frankly quite
terrified
now you're a year older and hopefully a
year wiser
you had your first year of college
meeting new people and making new
memories though I have no clue what will
happen in the year to come I know it
will be an adventure
I hope he made the best of it
I have a few reminders for you that I
hope you won't forget
first even though it's exhausting and
sometimes quite painful
always be kinder to us like so holdin it
is worth the self-sacrifice
second always give yourself time to
flute music that's amazing
try something new the level is between
you speaking in the music don't let life
make you know perfect you have a good
voice for voice hi girls I hope that you
have grown to wait until your to cuddle
with him to love her even more in the
future
treasure the times you've had
live in the moments you're experiencing
and look forward to the memories you'll
make
[Music]
that was so simple but so lovely
I have a little fuzzy feeling on the
inside well guys thank you so much for
watching this video
everyone's links will be in the
description below please go check them
out I am just amazed by the people who
follow my journey and watch my videos
you guys are right along with me you and
your own hustle do your own thing and
it's inspiring
you guys are talented I don't know if
you if you've ever known that but you're
talented shoutout to Trello for
sponsoring this video go check out
Trello calm for yourself and go see what
creative inspiration you find let me
know if you like this video and if you
want me to continue doing this usually I
say hit that subscribe button for me but
go hit the subscribe button of all all
these amazing talented Peachy fan and
until next time guys stay peachy okay
[Music]